Update `naked` to use the attribute template (#1908)
rust-lang/reference: src/attributes/codegen.md

r[attributes.codegen.naked.intro]
The *`naked` [attribute]* prevents the compiler from emitting a function prologue and epilogue for the attributed function.

> [!EXAMPLE]
> ```rust
> # #[cfg(target_arch = "x86_64")] {
> /// Adds 3 to the given number.
> ///
> /// SAFETY: The validity of the used registers
> /// is guaranteed according to the "sysv64" ABI.
> #[unsafe(naked)]
> pub extern "sysv64" fn add_n(number: usize) -> usize {
>     core::arch::naked_asm!(
>         "add rdi, {}",
>         "mov rax, rdi",
>         "ret",
>         const 3,
>     )
> }
> # }
> ```

r[attributes.codegen.naked.syntax]
The `naked` attribute uses the [MetaWord] syntax and thus does not take any inputs.

r[attributes.codegen.naked.allowed-positions]
The `naked` attribute may only be applied to:

- [Free functions][items.fn]
- [Inherent associated functions][items.associated.fn]
- [Trait impl functions][items.impl.trait]

> - [Trait definition functions][items.traits] with a body

Reviewer: does this work
```suggestion
- [Trait][items.traits] [associated functions][items.associated.fn] with a body
```

Author: This wording can be ambiguous, since it is unclear if it is an associated function in a trait definition or a trait impl. The original wording was specifically chosen to avoid that ambiguity and contrast with the previous item.

Reviewer: initially wanted to link this to `items.traits.associated-item-decls`, due to being more specific, because `items.traits` was too general

> - [Trait definition functions][items.traits.associated-item-decls] with a body

is that alright
